"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." - Steve Jobs
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." - Chris Grosser
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." - C.S. Lewis
"Quality means doing it right when no one is looking." - Henry Ford
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." - Dale Carnegie
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." - Nelson Mandela
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough." - Mario Andretti
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking." - William Butler Yeats
"Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom." - George S. Patton
"The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph." - George Washington
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear." - Mark Twain
"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." - Wayne Gretzky
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." - Vince Lombardi
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other." - Walter Elliot
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
"Nothing will work unless you do." - Maya Angelou
"Action is the foundational key to all success." - Pablo Picasso
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Ryun
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"Stay hungry, stay foolish." - Steve Jobs
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." - Estée Lauder
"Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you." - Unknown
"Failure is another stepping stone to greatness." - Oprah Winfrey
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"Opportunities multiply as they are seized." - Sun Tzu
"Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway." - Earl Nightingale
"If you’re not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." - Jim Rohn
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John Wooden
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time." - Steve Jobs
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau

